Support caching for mono repos and repositories with complex structure (#305)
actions/setup-node: README.md

### Caching packages dependencies

> The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring npm/yarn dependencies. Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default. By default, the action searches for the dependency file in the project root and uses its hash as a part of cache key. Use `cache-dependency-path` to specify custom dependency file path. The field accepts wildcards or an array of files to be cached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring dependencies.  It uses [actions/cache](https://github.com/actions/cache) under hood for caching dependencies but requires less configuration settings.
Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default.
As recommended by [actions/cache](https://github.com/actions/cache/blob/main/examples.md#node---npm), action caches global cache on machine instead of `node_modules` so cache can be reused between different Node.js versions.  
By default, the action searches for the dependency file (`package-lock.json` or `yarn.lock`) in the repository root and uses its hash as a part of cache key. Use `cache-dependency-path` for cases where multiple dependency files are used for build or they are located in  subdirectories. See examples of `cache-dependency-path` usage in the [Advanced usage](docs/advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-dependencies) guide.
```

> The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring npm/yarn dependencies. Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default. By default, the action searches for the dependency file in the project root and uses its hash as a part of cache key. Use `cache-dependency-path` to specify custom dependency file path. The field accepts wildcards or an array of files to be cached. 

Reviewer 2: In general, I like the Maxim's suggestion, but I'd like to propose some changes

The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring dependencies.  It uses [actions/cache](https://github.com/actions/cache) under hood for caching dependencies but requires less configuration settings.
Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default.  
The action defaults to search for the dependency file (`package-lock.json` or `yarn.lock`) in the repository root, and uses its hash as a part of the cache key. Use `cache-dependency-path` for cases when multiple dependency files are used, or they are located in different subdirectories. See the examples of `cache-dependency-path` usage in the [Advanced usage](docs/advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-dependencies) guide.  
The action follows [actions/cache](https://github.com/actions/cache/blob/main/examples.md#node---npm) guidelines, and caches global cache on the machine instead of `node_modules`, so cache can be reused between different Node.js versions.

Author: Thank you!

- run: pnpm test
```

> For more examlpes of caching, please see the [Advanced usage](docs/advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-dependencies) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of caching, please see the [Advanced usage](docs/advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-dependencies) guide.
```

> For more examlpes of caching, please see the [Advanced usage](docs/advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-dependencies) guide.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this note because currently it looks like it is related to only pnpm

Author: Thanks!
